It was you that day
So all along
Your wife is Zhang Tinghua
I never said he was my wife
I just want to be responsible for my son.
No.
He's not my son now.
Yoyo is
He said you believed it
You can get this kind of thing wrong
You're not going to meet DNA?
Do you know how hard it is for me to hide from you?
Then why didn't you tell me sooner?
You were the person that day
I thought you had a wife and kids
How can I tell you?
That's fine.
That person is you
That's really great.
So you asked me to buy gifts for Zhang Ting's children
Let him follow your influence and bully my child
Forget it, don't be angry.
This is all because of that Zhang Ting
Don't worry, I will definitely let this increase by the limit.
Pay the price he deserves
What do you want?
He's not being punished.
I want to replace you and Yoyo's identity
Yuyue Longmen?
I'll let him climb up
Let him fall again
madam
Mr. Gu said that the heir will be announced at the family banquet in a few days
Get you and Master Stone ready
Ok, I see.
Great, I finally want mother-to-child rules
Become the wife of the president
You finally lost to me